# proof-of-work
Causality is circular as proven by the Gott-Time Machine and the direction of time can be measured. There is a strong CTC presence. Two Frames of Reference seem to respect causality since they are bounded in local space, they converge "converger" to an immediate linearized landscape. Over relativistic scales an event can occur before it occurs from one frame of reference with respect to another. It is as if the message reaches the client before the server presses the button to send the message. Imagine this scenario over two frames of reference. A happens before A happened in F1. That is, A precedes B in F1 whereas B precedes A in F2.

Achieving this would mean that there would effectively be two "times" - one ahead, one residual time. The residual time will decay at a certain rate because the events would be occurring in an unnonna manner within the frame of reference with respect to the one which is ahead. The one ahead would effectively be receiving the events before they would happen in residual time. This would be a "fallout" synonyomous to the half-life of nuclear decay such that the residual time would be falling behind "decaying" with the event corpus. The horizon would be Kerr territory, and Newton-Rapshon old news. The time ahead "superior" time would be receiving event signals before they would occur in residual time giving residual time "the residual effect" that is claimed to be deteriorative to the event corpus and the time as a whole. But, one would "win" over the other - superior time; which would collect all events at a magnified rate given that they are sent at an acceleration rate * event reception metric such that the acceleration rate would inverse-parallel the rate decay. Light would diminish from the equation given that it would be left to a mere constant.
